Max Gordon
1/8/2020
Assignment: 12.02 Real-World Recursion 

Explain how you used the principle of recursion to create your image.

    When I created my art piece, I would continue sub dividing the rectangle until it sparked 
    something in me. At the beginning I had no prior plan to how I wanted my art to look, but 
    as it neared its completion, I started to get I better idea of how I wanted it to turn out.

Briefly describe a plan for how you might write a program to produce Mondrian art.

    I think that to generate Mondrian art the program must first generate a random number (0 or 1)
    and that number will correspond to the rectangle that it will subdivide, and then it will 
    generate anther number (0 - 1)  that is the percent of the width that the new rectangle with take 
    up. After that it will generate a third number that will correspond to the color of the new rectangle, 
    but it will be more likely to generate the number the corresponds to white. Once all of that is done, 
    it will generate one final number (0 or 1) and that number is whether to continue going deeper in the 
    rectangle or to step back and look at a different rectangle.


Who should get the copyright credit for a piece of computer art: the CPU, the software, or the programmer? Explain your reasoning.

    The CPU is a tool, if an artist carves a statue, the hammer and chisel to not get the credit for it. But 
    in this case, the software will be the one generating said "statue" while the programmer trained and 
    created the software. When a teacher teaches a student and the student goes on to create something great, 
    the teacher does get some credit for the student's achievement. So in this case, the credit for creating art 
    should be split by the software, and the programmer, because both were necessary in the creation of the art 
    piece. But because software cannot own a copyright at the moment, the copyright must go to the programmer.

If a computer, with no human intervention, produced Mondrian art indistinguishable from an original masterpiece, would it be a sign of artificial intelligence?

    It depends on how the art was generated, if it was just a random generation of lines and colors, and it happened
    to look like another art piece, than is does not show artificial intelligence. But if the software were to conduct
    an analysis on what humans find appealing, and then it came up with this piece as a result, then it would show some
    sign of intelligence.

If a computer, with no human intervention, produced Mondrian art indistinguishable from an original masterpiece, would it diminish the accomplishments of a human?

    It all depends on the method used to generate the art, if it was random, then it is all pure chance and it doesn't 
    effect anything, but if it used some advanced algorithm, then it would increase the accomplishment of the original 
    artist. Because not only did that artist come up with the design, but a smart program that had lots of inputs data 
    on what humans liked.
